10.6.2 known issues (#5821)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: dataminer/Troubleshooting/Known_issues/KI_SLDataGateway_issue_OpenSearch_health_monitoring.md

---
uid: KI_SLDataGateway_issue_OpenSearch_health_monitoring
---

# SLDataGateway issue caused by OpenSearch health monitoring

## Affected versions

Dedicated clustered storage setups using DataMiner 10.5.0 [CU11]/10.6.2.

## Cause

> Because of changes introduced in DataMiner 10.5.0 [CU11]/10.6.2, with certain D*B.xml* configurations or recent OpenSearch versions, the search database can be stuck in the RED health state and SLDataGateway can crash at startup.

Author: It certainly should 😊
```suggestion
Because of changes introduced in DataMiner 10.5.0 [CU11]/10.6.2, with certain *DB.xml* configurations or recent OpenSearch versions, the search database can be stuck in the RED health state and SLDataGateway can crash at startup.
```
